Update pm-faq.rst (#2805)
mattermost/docs: source/process/pm-faq.rst

4. Documented: Complete documentation is available
5. Secure: Reviewed internally for security, and included in future security reviews 
6. Compliant: Anything needed for compliance is tracked in logs

How to create redirects for in-product documentation? 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Documentation that is linked in-product should always use a redirect from www.mattermost.com instead of the docs.mattermost.com site, to ensure links are not broken in the event that they are moved on the docs site. 

To set up a redirect, you must have admin access to www.mattermost.com.  Marketing can assist with this access or @jason.blais or @katie.wiersgalla can add a redirect for you. 

If you have access, follow these steps: 

> 1. Login to the administration panel for www.mattermost.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the administration panel for www.mattermost.com.
```

> 2. From the LHS, go to **SEO > Redirects**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the left-hand sidebar, go to **SEO > Redirects**.
```
